---
from: "dididecks-ai"
from_path: "context-v/agent-skills/crawl-fetch-ingest/cache/calm-storm-ventures/jina/795e94c1c0c2cc5a.md"
---

Title: Lucanus Polagnoli  · Founding Partner · Calm/Storm Ventures

URL Source: https://www.calmstorm.vc/team/lucanus-polagnoli

Markdown Content:
Lucanus began his career in the structured worlds of financial consulting and private equity restructuring not only learning the language of finance & capital but also experiencing the continuous storm of entrepreneurship. After nearly a decade in the „old“ economy he joined the startup world as an operator where he scaled teams, raised funding and navigated the daily realities of company building. He switched sides again and became Partner at Speedinvest, today one of Europe's most active seed-stage investors. In 2014 Lucanus successfully helped raising Speedinvest’s fund II, built the first health-team of the firm and supported the partnership with his financial leadership to scale the firm. His true passion, however, was working with multiple portfolio companies as a board member delivering hands-on operational support.

Believing founders, especially in HealthTech, need specialists with industry knowhow and network as well as partners who had lived through the operational challenges and who aren’t afraid to make their hands dirty, Lucanus founded Calm/Storm in 2020.

Today, Calm/Storm has emerged as one of Europe's most prominent early-stage HealthTech funds, distinguished by its founder-centric approach and community-driven ethos. Calm/Storm is backed by more than 100 investors and venture partners and itself has backed nearly 100 companies in all across Europe. Investing in Pre-Seed & Seed in founders redefining our relationship with health and wellbeing, his investment philosophy is grounded in a founder’s first principle, and that building meaningful companies requires life-long learning—a principle he embodies as a member of the prestigious Kauffman Fellows program, connecting him to a global network of Venture Capital leaders.

Beyond the boardroom, Lucanus lives in Vienna, Austria, with his wife and three children. He was and still is a competitive sailor. Up until today he shares his passion with his founders, teaches them the discipline of reading the wind and adjusting the sails to steer through every storm with calm and confidence.

‍

‍
